today I bring you a new job of the
new maps that involve and teach you the
new streak east of this map that are
missile attacks that from the sky
pretty nice the truth what happens
I do not think it's too lethal
it's not easy enough to dodge it then
I think it's called ska equal or something like that
is a is a kind of plane you open the
little screen of the gusts and from the
sky you select a point on the map and what
you throw there not then well here you are
seeing as then some low cons
to get the package I get two
times during this example so
just cut the pieces of my skin
that killed a little bit and that I get
the streak for you to see and well then
I do not like this map practically anything
it's called calment and I think it's good
it's a plan in london italy for the
pipen and really in general horacio is
a summary today my intention is if I can
put six streaming key to the a
8 o'clock in the afternoon or in Spanish
that yesterday is worth the same thing as yesterday
live I'll lend zombies the truth
that yesterday the wind the object was very
I am very happy with my appetite
Atocha them because the truth is that
It was super fun we had a great time
the truth and good many people in the
direct
the fun so I'm very happy
so he's going to have another direct from
zombies playing four people in
cooperative obviously and good if I do not
wrong here is when means and
ammunition I say good because I think I
kill of I say more back the streak and here
half without bullets that what he threw me for
back and good let's let us micro
no bullets and shot the streak no and good
Well, that is my intention if I can
He could not promise us anything but I can
I will bring you something from each map today that is
today for example is the traitor
first department here you see how
the packages arrived to change just
I took it out, I take a shot because my intention
is to be kids and try good here
I'll teach you how to do it so
it has been said about the little screen opens
kind of fire there is in plan
pretty cool you throw the missile I
I thought it was like a special and
against the principle that's why he launched it on
plan bad and good here what just kills me and
I see how they were visible in the
sky are falling the visit I'm going to
look at the area a bit so you can see
how they fall not having is not that the gusts
as several normal missiles we are going to
to say that they fall I do not know how so
be mega lethal but today it's okay not the
gusts and selection is a site and a
flag or hot spot busting
it is open plan and good those
My intention is to try to climb
today
and something from each map either by a streak
in this case I think the only streak
I think there is this in the new DLCI
I also have to use the map of
hirise what good was called the sky
rights that is the modern remake
warfare 2 you already know is what I want to upload
now in a ratillo and I also want
upload them on the map of Kremlin that
they place the prize because of Russia and such
that I also have others starting from
saved to be taught a little
new above because they are not
I like to get into first pressures
the map I like to teach more we go a
little playing in it and such and finally
it's about uploading a map in buy I do not follow
as well as summary of saying that it has not
liked too the dlc or if I
you ask if it's worth the tlc
I can clearly tell you that yes
as if I said that the second yes that
I really liked the gusts because you
they gave the voice for the zombies at the moment
so what is multiplayer I do not like
apart from that there are only departures
practically against Americans in the
connection goes wrong based for all the
at 3 to 3 or 3 false because they are
Americans and you go with enough and I do not know
when people change a lot they do not
move the maps to me really I
they like how they are made unique
hirise but practically because you are
I resinate for something else but good
let's wait then to try the zombies
how it works so good kids
I'm leaving, deciding here, there's
get a game of shorter ones
after it comes it's like there's
the missiles I did not know throw another
part of the ship so favorites and their
goodbye fiber